Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/pot/docs/AccuracyAwareQuantizationUsage.md

@endsphinxdirective

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's get rid of this intro heading... why do we need it? :)

@endsphinxdirective

## Introduction

> For this article it'll be assumed that you already tried [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) for the same model. In case when it introduces a significant accuracy degradation, the Accuracy-aware Quantization algorithm can be used to remain accuracy within the pre-defined range. This may cause a 

Author: ```suggestion
This article is based on the presumption that you have already tried [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) for the same model. When it introduces a significant accuracy degradation, the Accuracy-aware Quantization algorithm can be used to maintain accuracy within the pre-defined range. This may cause a 
```

degradation of performance in comparison to [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) algorithm because some layers can be reverted back to the original precision.

> **NOTE**: The Accuracy-aware Quantization algorithm behavior is different for GNA `target_device`. It is searching for the best configuration, selecting between INT8 and INT16 precisions for weights of each layer. The algorithm works for the `performance` preset only. This algorithm is not helpful, for the `accuracy` preset, since the whole model is already in INT16 precision.

Script for Accuracy-aware Quantization includes four steps:
1. Prepare data and dataset interface.
2. Define accuracy metric.
3. Select quantization parameters.
4. Define and run quantization process.

## Prepare data and dataset interface

> This step is the same as in the case of [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage). The only difference is that `__getitem__()` method should return `(data, annotation)` or `(data, annotation, metadata)`. In there, `annotation` is required and its format should correspond to the expectations of the `Metric` class. The `metadata` is an optional field that can be used to store additional information required for post-processing.

Author: ```suggestion
This step is the same as in [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage). The only difference is that `__getitem__()` method should return `(data, annotation)` or `(data, annotation, metadata)`. In there, the `annotation` is required and its format should correspond to the expectations of the `Metric` class. The `metadata` is an optional field that can be used to store additional information required for post-processing.
```

## Define accuracy metric

> To control accuracy during the optimization a `openvino.tools.pot.Metric` interface should be implemented. Each implementation should override the following properties and methods:

Author: ```suggestion
To control accuracy during the optimization, the `openvino.tools.pot.Metric` interface should be implemented. Each implementation should override the following properties and methods:
```

**Properties**
- `value` - returns the accuracy metric value for the last model output in a format of `Dict[str, numpy.array]`.
- `avg_value` - returns the average accuracy metric over collected model results in a format of `Dict[str, numpy.array]`.

> - `higher_better` if a higher value of the metric corresponds to better performance return `True` , otherwise, `False`. Default implementation returns `True`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `higher_better` if a higher value of the metric corresponds to better performance, return `True` , otherwise, `False`. Default implementation returns `True`.
```

**Methods**

> - `update(output, annotation)` - calculates and updates the accuracy metric value using the last model output and annotation. The model output and annotation should be passed in this method. It should also contain the model-specific post-processing in case the model returns the raw output.

Author: ```suggestion
- `update(output, annotation)` - calculates and updates the accuracy metric value, using the last model output and annotation. The model output and annotation should be passed in this method. It should also contain the model-specific post-processing in case the model returns the raw output.
```

@endsphinxdirective

## Introduction
This article is based on the presumption that you have already tried [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) for the same model. When it introduces a significant accuracy degradation, the Accuracy-aware Quantization algorithm can be used to maintain accuracy within the pre-defined range. This may cause a 
degradation of performance in comparison to [Default Quantization](@ref pot_default_quantization_usage) algorithm because some layers can be reverted back to the original precision.

> **NOTE**: The Accuracy-aware Quantization algorithm behavior is different for GNA `target_device`. It is searching for the best configuration, selecting between INT8 and INT16 precisions for weights of each layer. The algorithm works for the `performance` preset only. This algorithm is not helpful, for the `accuracy` preset, since the whole model is already in INT16 precision.

> Script for Accuracy-aware Quantization includes four steps:

Reviewer 2: I'm think we should, sentence sounds better this way.

   Required attributes: 
   - `direction` - (`higher-better` or `higher-worse`) a string parameter defining whether metric value 
    should be increased in accuracy-aware algorithms.

>    - `type` - a string representation of metric type. For example, "accuracy" or "mean_iou".

Author: ```suggestion
   - `type` - a string representation of a metric type. For example, "accuracy" or "mean_iou".
```

```

## Select quantization parameters

> Accuracy-aware Quantization uses the Default Quantization algorithm at the initialization step in order that all its parameters are also valid and can be specified. Below described only Accuracy-aware Quantization required parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
Accuracy-aware Quantization uses the Default Quantization algorithm at the initialization step in such order that all its parameters are also valid and can be specified. Below are described only Accuracy-aware Quantization required parameters:
```

> - `"maximal_drop"` - maximum accuracy drop which has to be achieved after the quantization. Default value is `0.01` (1%).

Author: ```suggestion
- `"maximal_drop"` - the maximum accuracy drop which has to be achieved after the quantization. The default value is `0.01` (1%).
```

## Run quantization

> The code example below shows basic quantization workflow with accuracy control. The `UserDataLoader()` is a placeholder for the implementation of `DataLoader`.

Author: ```suggestion
The example code below shows basic quantization workflow with accuracy control. The `UserDataLoader()` is a placeholder for the implementation of the `DataLoader`.
```

    }
]

# Step 1: Implement and create user's data loader.
data_loader = UserDataLoader()

# Step 2: Implement and create user's data loader.
metric = Accuracy()

> # Step 3: Load model.

Author: ```suggestion
# Step 3: Load the model.
```
